Contact
weslagarde@gmail.com
www.linkedin.com/in/wes-
lagarde-43ab38143 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Sales Management and Marketing
Strong facilitation, coaching and
leadership skills
Aesthetics
Wes Lagarde
Account Executive at Sunday Riley
Austin, Texas, United States
Summary
Experienced, data-driven regional sales management leader with
a demonstrated history of working successfully in the aesthetics,
cosmetics and skincare industry. Skilled in customer relationship
management (CRM), regional sales management, business
marketing and strategizing, client-relationship building, planning and
executing large events, sales- and marketing-data analytics, team
mentorship, business-trend analysis, business development - all with
an ability to adapt quickly to changing markets.
I am a highly resourceful and a positive team player with a solid
work ethic and ability to effectively solve problems while beating
deadlines in always-changing and highly volatile environments. With
exceptional interpersonal communication skills, I can identify product
needs, forecast sales and analyze trends to maximize profitably and
promote sales growth while maintaining high customer satisfaction
Experience
Sunday Riley
Account Executive
December 2021 - Present (2 years 9 months)
Austin, Texas, United States
LVMH Perfumes & Cosmetics
5 years 11 months
Retail Sales and Education Executive
January 2021 - December 2021 (1 year)
Dallas, Texas, United States
Drive retail sales and increases brand awareness within a respective region
through talent management, team development, and execution of business
strategies developed by corporate.
Achieve Retail Sales Plan:
Page 1 of 5
-Achieve retail sales and grow market share
-Evaluate productivity weekly and manage individual and team performance
Education and Team Development
-Responsible for education and team development.
-Recruit, interview, hire, and motivate brand ambassadors.
-Work alongside store employees to drive retail sales, share product
knowledge, observe, train, and develop sales floor behaviors, team selling,
and providing employees with feedback and coaching.
Client Relationships
-Act as an operational and strategic partner for retailer locations by having a
strong in store
presence and facilitating regular meetings with management and visual teams
to create brand
excitement.
-Proper planning and execution of launches, promotional, and special items.
Administration
-Maintain all expenses (employees, T&E, in store) within budgets provided.
-Provide direction on how to maintain brand image.
Education Sales Manager
January 2018 - January 2021 (3 years 1 month)
Central US
-Manage and develop all south central US territory sales and training/
education of 61 stores ($1.2M volume)
-Review weekly and monthly business and results with National Sales Director
and 7 direct reports to insure goals are not only achieved, but exceeded.
-Develop working relationship with District managers and Store Directors and
all levels of store support, as well as creating and maintaining excellent rapport
with clients.
-Train and coach Employees to ensure that all product knowledge is
understood, including brand DNA and how to sell Luxe product.
-Develop, plan, and execute successful events across the territory.
-Increase retail sell through and execute promotional programs at Sephora,
Neiman Marcus, and Ulta.
-Communicate to management and team on inventory levels; e.g., ACCR
match and requesting cycle counts.
-Conduct basic and new product training, sales techniques, and effective
merchandising guidelines.
Page 2 of 5
-Responsible for interviewing, hiring, and training sales specialists to adhere to
both company requirements and store rules and functionality.
-Emphasize continual development of existing products in day-to-day
business.
-Keep Store Directors and Employees informed of all company programs.
-Maintain and report budget records (travel expenses and promotional
spending materials).
-Explore new store business opportunities in the territory and advise National
Sales Director
Givenchy Beauty and Skincare Territory Coordinator and Trainer
February 2016 - December 2017 (1 year 11 months)
Greater Los Angeles Area
-Assisted in oversight of Southern California territory of 70 Sephora stores;
$1.6M sales volume
-Partnered with the account executive to create and execute dozens of events
including; facial events, national makeup artist driven events, as well as limited
edition collection launches.
-Planned, executed and monitored new product launches, special events,
holiday events and aesthetic demonstrations
• Built and maintained excellent rapport with Sephora management and beauty
advisors insuring the highest level of knowledge, education, and sales are
achieved
-Coordinated in-store sales to ensure revenue generation and business
growth.
-Facilitated and manage special in-store events to increase brand awareness
and drive sales.
-Supervised, educated and promoted professional development of all Sephora
beauty consultants and leadership in the region, coordinating sell-through for
staff to achieve sales and educational learning.
-Conducted training for beauty advisors, promotional assistants and makeup
artists.
Kenzoki Skincare Territory Coordinator and Trainer
February 2016 - August 2017 (1 year 7 months)
Greater Los Angeles Area
-Planned, executed and monitored new product launches, special events,
holiday events and aesthetic demonstrations
-Coordinated in-store sales to ensure revenue-generation and business growth
-Facilitated and managed special in-store events to increase brand awareness
and drive sales
Page 3 of 5
-Supervised, educated and promoted professional development of all Sephora
beauty consultants and leadership in the region, coordinating sell-through for
staff to achieve sales and educational learning
-Conducted training for beauty advisors, promotional assistants and makeup
artists
Sam Moore PR & Communications
1 year 10 months
Healthcare Account Representative
June 2016 - July 2017 (1 year 2 months)
Los Angeles, California, United States
-Developed media lists and account administrative responsibilities
-Created and managed daily and weekly media monitoring reports, tracking
key health industry trends
-Tracked coverage and monitored social media
Healthcare Account Coordinator
October 2015 - June 2016 (9 months)
Los Angeles, California, United States
-Supported media research and communications planning for healthcare
clients, including pharma,
medical device, health IT and insurer accounts
-Assisted in messaging development for targeting key media influencers
-Account & client coordination and task-management
-Budget planning and management
-Ensured all client KPIs were met per quarter
Verbal Ink, a division of Ubiqus
Medical Transcriptionist
September 2011 - June 2015 (3 years 10 months)
Greater Los Angeles Area
-Required excellent self-motivation and time management skills required to
meet deadlines
-Mastered in Microsoft Office skills (Word, Powerpoint, Excel)
-Required audio and video production skills (Adobe Photoshop)
-Required outstanding communication required with the executive to ensure
accuracy and timeliness
SB Wellness Group
Coorporate Wellness Associate
April 2010 - September 2012 (2 years 6 months)
Page 4 of 5
Baton Rouge, Louisiana Area
-Drove all aspects of the corporate wellness program, including personal
training clients and leading group fitness classes.
-Coordinated the administration of the corporate wellness programs of Blue
Cross and Blue Shield, Shaw Group, and Louisiana Workers’ Compensation
Corporation. Also regulated and handled the corporate wellness programs of
other contracted companies (e.g. conducted health fairs and assessments,
wellness coaching, data entry, employee records).
Education
Louisiana State University
Bachelor's degree, Kinesiology and Exercise Science · (2008 - 2010)
Belmont University
Business, Business Administration and Management, General · (2006 - 2008)
Page 5 of 5
